LUCID CITY ROLEPLAY

COMMUNITY REGULATORY GUIDELINES

 

SECTION 01 - PAGE INFORMATION:

 

C01.01 - JURISDICTIONS:
General Information: These are the official community regulatory guidelines of the Lucid City roleplay public server. These regulatory guidelines dictate and set forth the expectations for the players of the public server. These guidelines are applicable to the public game server, forums, and any affiliated servers with the following classifications:
Crew Management servers
Event Management servers
Official Government servers
Business Management servers
 

C01.02 - CORRECTIVE ACTION:
General Information: Conduct that has been deemed inappropriate, destructive, malicious, and/or unfitting within the Lucid City roleplay community will be handled in accordance with the standard and crew regulatory guidelines. Repeatedly engaging in this kind of conduct will result in actions ranging from a permanent ban to a community removal.
 

C01.03 - INFRACTION CLASSIFICATIONS:
General Information: Regulatory guidelines are marked with specific classifications to set forth the severity and impact of any infractions related to the specific guideline. These classifications determine the actions which will be taken against any individual and crew that is in direct violation of one or several guidelines. The maximum amount of infraction points an individual can reach prior to a community removal infraction is 125. These classifications are as follows:
 

STANDARD INFRACTION GUIDELINES:
 

Classification A: An infraction that consists of either a 1 day suspension from Lucid City community servers or a written warning. Receiving this infraction comes with 5 infraction points which will be added to your record, they expire from your record after 3 months.
Classification B: An infraction that consists of either a 3 day suspension from Lucid City community servers or a written warning. Receiving this infraction comes with 10 infraction points which will be added to your record, they expire from your record after 6 months.
Classification C: An infraction that consists of either a 5 day suspension from Lucid City community servers or a written warning. Receiving this infraction comes with 15 infraction points which will be added to your record, they expire from your record after 6 months.
Classification D: An infraction that consists of a 7 day suspension from Lucid City community servers. Receiving this infraction comes with 20 infraction points which will be added to your record, they expire from your record after 12 months.
Classification E: An infraction that consists of a 14 day suspension from Lucid City community servers. Receiving this infraction comes with 25 infraction points which will be added to your record, they expire from your record after 12 months.
Classification F: An infraction that consists of an appealable but permanent suspension from Lucid City community servers. Receiving this infraction comes with 50 infraction points which will be added to your record, these infraction points do not expire whatsoever.
 

SPECIALIZED INFRACTION GUIDELINES:
 

Community Removal (CR): An infraction that is issued upon an individual that has surpassed the infraction point maximum by Lucid City management due to representing themselves as a repeat offender. This infraction consists of a indefinite removal from the Lucid City roleplay community without the ability to appeal and return.
Character Deletion (CD): An infraction that is issued upon an individual that has engaged in activities which has granted the user's character unintended advantages such as items and/or money. This infraction consists of one or several character's being deleted to ensure the integrity of the economy and server experiences.
Government Blacklist (GB): An infraction that is issued upon an individual that has engaged in acts of extreme misconduct and/or corruption within the government sector. This infraction consists of a permanent and unappealable blacklist from all government funded jobs. These are jobs within the law enforcement, judicial, and emergency services classifications.
Specialized Instances (SI): An infraction that may be issued situationally in specialized instances for infractions such as currency trading and repeated infractions within and outside the server itself should it have any moderate to major impact on another community member. This infraction justifies a suspension of 31 days or higher.
 

C01.04 - FINAL INFRACTION POLICY:
General Information: The final infraction policy is implemented in order to deal with individuals which have repeated the same infraction regardless of classification and infraction type to the point additional actions are warranted to settle the user's negative conduct. This policy exists to deter repeat offenders from going too far and to remove players who display repeated actions of malice. Any individual that goes past the maximum infraction category for one infraction will be issued a Community Removal (CR) infraction.
 

SECTION 02 - VERBAL CONDUCT & BEHAVIOR:

 

C02.01 - EXTERNAL TARGETING & COMMUNICATION:
Infraction Category: [E > F]
General Information: Player interactions, scenes, and/or information which originate within the constraints of roleplay is to remain within roleplay. You are not permitted to take any of this outside of character with the intent to maliciously use it against another person. This also includes but is not limited to actions which result in the targeting of others, reaching out to others about things to be handled within roleplay, and so on. Examples are as follows:
Degrading the individual reputation of another person.
Contacting a person to bother, insult and/or harass them.
Contacting a person to talk about an interaction that did not go in their favor on Discord.
Influencing other people to turn on an individual for something that occurred in roleplay.
 

C02.02 - BREAKING CHARACTER:
Infraction Category: [A > B > C > D > E]
General Information: Throughout your time on Lucid City servers, you are expected and mandated to approach any interaction with roleplay centered terminology and behavior. Play with the traits and story of your character, refrain from breaking the boundaries of that sphere. Terminology that is unfamiliar and unfitting for roleplay should be avoided. Here is a few examples:
Terminology referring to staff. These are words such as angels, government, and gods.
Terminology referring to the waiting room. These are words such as upstairs and above.
Terminology referring to crew management. These are words such as disbandment, strikes, warnings, and infraction points.
Terminology referring to the community regulations. These are words such as city laws, city rules, and government rules.
Terminology referring to the community guidelines. These are words such as infraction points, suspensions, bans, and community removals.
 

C02.03 - DISCRIMINATORY BEHAVIOR & TERMINOLOGY:
Infraction Category: [F]
General Information: Interacting with others through speech and behavior that can be tied to discrimination and malicious intentions is prohibited. We are all human beings with different views, beliefs, opinions, and origins. It is beyond important to respect that regardless of how you see the world. Disagreements are fine within the boundary of it being respectful and reasonable, but do not take it to a level of offensive, derogatory, discriminatory, and/or sensitive. Examples of this are as follows:
Use of terminology that may be tied towards hate speech.
Conduct related to that of discriminatory remarks, racism, homophobia, transphobia, and so forth.
Conduct related to other protected categories such as religious and cultural beliefs.
 

SECTION 03 - UNREASONABLE CONDUCT:

 

C03.01 - GRIEFING & UNWARRANTED INTERACTIONS:
Infraction Category: [D > E > F]
General Information: Initiating scenes, interactions, and storylines with intentions to impact others with negativity and grief is prohibited. Your intent should always be to pursue interactions which are either favorable or reasonably enjoyable for all parties involved. The actions of your character should make sense based on past interactions, not from 0 to 110 out of the blue. Examples of unwarranted behavior and actions are as follows:
Creation of throw away characters intended to mess around, troll, and cause chaotic and unwarranted interactions.
Applying and removing performance modifications to the vehicle of others without permission.
Applying and removing chameleon adjustments to the vehicles of others without explicit consent.
 

C03.02 - LOOPHOLING & BAITING:
Infraction Category: [E > F]
General Information: The community guidelines and regulations consist of restrictions and instructions on how to play the server. Attempting to circumvent and/or loophole your way around them is not permitted. Decisions made by members of staff are final, you are to respect them rather than attempt to manipulate them for your own benefit and/or that of others. This also includes attempting to lure others into violating the community guidelines.
 

C03.03 - EXCESSIVE TOXICITY:
Infraction Category: [C > E > F]
General Information: Throughout your time on the server your intentions should be to pursue memorable and enjoyable interactions and scenes with others. Ensure that you are aware of your own actions and behavior as you can steer the experience of interactions and scenes towards both ends of the stick, good and bad. Engaging in acts intended to cause harm, malice, and disturbance towards others is prohibited. Examples of this are as follows:
Excessively mag dumping one or several bodies past what is essential to injure or kill.
Excessively screaming or loudly talking past what would be considered essential and reasonable.
Taking the initiative to consistently and repeatedly run downed bodies over as means to display toxicity.
Downing others with the intentions to crouch, teabag, emote, and/or dance on their bodies to disturb them.
Gathering and moving a number of bodies with illegal items on their back for law enforcement to capture them.
Picking up people and transporting them around without necessity and/or reasoning for excessive amounts of time. (15 minutes)
Excessively using semi-offensive terminology and wording against one or several other individuals through spamming it.
 

C03.04 - BODY DUMPING:
Infraction Category: [A > D > E]
General Information: Going out of your way to grab another player's body with malicious intentions to re-locate and/or dump it elsewhere is not allowed. This behavior is unnecessary, the outcome of this is always gonna lead to spite, anger, and a feeling of discomfort on the receiving part. Your priority after downing another person should be to flee the area to avoid capture and/or harm by others and law enforcement.
 

SECTION 04 - CHARACTER CONDUCT:

 

C04.01 - CHARACTER BLENDING:
Infraction Category: [C > E > F]
General Information: The knowledge and traits of your characters should remain within the spheres of each individual character. Avoid blending the information, resources, and storylines for each individual character over to the other. This specifically applies to instances that would cheat the system and/or cause negative experiences for others. Examples of this are as follows:
You have issues with an individual or group of people on character I and decide to retaliate through negatively attempting to impact them on character II, III, and so forth.
Cheating the system by transferring resources and/or assets from one character to another through middleman or otherwise. (+CD)
Sharing and being able to access the same house and/or apartment with two characters of your own. Does not matter if this is on the same account or not, it is not allowed. (+CD)
Being employed in the same business or in the same gang on two separate characters. Keep the storylines separate.
Claiming that you have support from or are working with another one of your character's gang. 
 

C04.02 - LOW EFFORT ROLEPLAY & NO INTENT TO ROLEPLAY:
Infraction Category: [F > CR]
Approval required: Head Administration staff+
General Information: This is a roleplay server and as such, you are expected to prioritize interactive roleplay and scenes with other community members. The characters you create should have their own unique personalities, traits, and boundaries. Ensure that each character remains within the sphere it belongs to, do not suddenly switch it up without having it make sense to the roleplay you participate in. Promote good and memorable interactions for others, participate, and create a good and reasonably good environment for others to participate in. Examples of things that classify under this:
Going out of your way to go on a spree of violating the community guidelines to cause malice towards others.
Breaking a series of community guidelines after an infraction has been handed down on yourself or a members of your crew.
 

C04.03 - VALUE OF LIFE:
Infraction Category: [C > D > E > F]
General Information: It is essential to be considerate and aware of your surroundings on the path towards an interaction that could threaten injury and death. Valuing your life is a mandate as realistically you only have one life, so ensure to interact and roleplay it out accordingly. If another individual or group of individuals have weapons pointed towards you, then you are to comply unless you have the ability to defend yourself. Defending yourself is only applicable if you and any other individuals on your side have firearms on the ready. Here are a few examples of when complying with the instructions of others is a mandate.
Your character is outgunned 3 to 1.
Your character's group is outgunned 5 to 2.
Your character's group is outgunned 7 to 3.
Your character's group is outgunned 9 to 4.
Your character's group is outgunned 11 to 5.
Your character's group is outgunned 13 to 6.
Your character's group is outgunned 15 to 7.
 

C04.04 - CHARACTER INJURY:
Infraction Category: [A > B > C]
General Information: During any instance and interaction where your character has been downed and/or severely injured, you are expected to act accordingly. Take some initiative to sound like you are injured as it builds and improves immersion for not only yourself, but also that of others. Base this of the level of injury that your character has sustained, a few examples of injury that puts forth this expectation is as follows:
Your character has been in a severe incident while driving.
Your character has been attacked to the brink of being downed.
Your character has been shot and/or downed.
Your character has injured himself or herself through fall or otherwise.
 

C04.05 - NEW LIFE RULE:
Infraction Category: [A > B > C > D]
General Information: Any interaction in which your character has been downed by another player may be treated by members of the emergency medical service at a hospital. However, should you choose to use the respawn feature and spawn into a new life, then the interaction which led to your character's death shall be forgotten and deemed void. Anything learned from that interaction cannot be used in roleplay in the future.
 

C04.06 - RETURNING TO SCENE & COMBAT TIMER:
Infraction Category: [A > C > D > E]
General Information: Your character is prohibited from re-engaging in an active interaction upon being downed as a result of that scene whether it be due to another player, local, or your own fault. Furthermore, engaging in combative roleplay for the next 30-minutes as of when you are provided medical care is not permitted.
 

SECTION 05 - GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES:

 

C05.01 - LAW ENFORCEMENT INTERACTIONS:
Infraction Category: [A > C > D > F]
General Information: Avoid engaging in conduct which has the sole intention of maliciously interfering and/or messing with law enforcement personnel. Treating law enforcement officers with respect and care should be one of your highest priorities as they have the ability to make the life of your character difficult through diverse consequences. Some examples of this are as follows:
Intentionally attempting to bait law enforcement to pursue and engage you.
Pursuing law enforcement officers with the intention of bothering and/or being a nuisance.
Intentionally attempting to bait law enforcement officers into interactions which lead to ambushes.
Engaging law enforcement officers with violence without any real necessity for the interaction to turn violent.
 

C05.02 - GOVERNMENT ROBBERIES
Infraction Category: [E > F]
General Information: Initiating scenes and interactions with the sole intention of robbing law enforcement and/or government employees is prohibited. A majority of the equipment carried by government employees is unobtainable and cannot be taken as a result. However, you are permitted to take back equipment if taken by the government employees of your person within 1-hour as of the moment that interaction concluded. This is also applicable to G6 employees.
 

C05.03 - EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICE:
Infraction Category: [C > E > F]
General Information: Members of the emergency medical service are supportive characters of roleplay and are essential to the server's functionality. As a result, you are prohibited from engaging them with violence and harmful measures unless they refuse to comply with your instructions at gun point. Harmful measures towards EMS personnel shall be taken as a last resort, not as a first.
 

C05.04 - GOVERNMENT CORRUPTION:
Infraction Category: [F + GB]
General Information: Engaging in acts of malice which abuses features and/or powers given to you as a government employee is not permitted. Features, powers, and equipment issued to you as a government employee shall strictly be used for the purposes which has been designated per standard operating procedures and common sense. This includes distribution of equipment and weapons. This also includes leaking confidential information such as confidential informants, documents intended for "internal use only", or using documents on other servers taken directly from Lucid City official government jobs. 
 

C05.05 - GOVERNMENT IMPERSONATION:
Infraction Category: [A > D > E]
General Information: Engaging in actions resembling that of government impersonation is prohibited. You may only represent government agencies and employees if you are an employee of a government agency or if given staff approval. Otherwise, you are prohibited from doing so. Examples are as follows:
Pretending to be a government employee.
Wearing the clothing of government employees.
 

SECTION 06 - ROBBERY & ROAMING GUIDELINES:

 

C06.01 - PLAYER ROAMING LIMITATIONS:
Infraction Category: [A > B > C > D > E]
General Information: Players which are not affiliated through membership to a crew is permitted to roam in groups of up to 6 individuals at a time. This is applicable to generalized roaming as well as participation in heists and other interactions which involve law enforcement officers. Furthermore, this policy applies to crew affiliated persons should it involve law enforcement.
 

C06.02 - SCENE INTERFERENCE:
Infraction Category: [A > C > D > E]
General Information: Interactions and scenes which you and your group of people have nothing to do with are to be left alone unless you are given a valid reason to initiate and interact. Maliciously interfering with roleplay interactions for your own amusement and/or benefit is not permitted. Treat others the way you wish for them to treat you, respect the boundaries of roleplay and stay on your character path.
 

C06.03 - HEIST COOLDOWNS:
Infraction Category: [A > B > C > D]
General Information: This policy regulates your individual cooldowns for participating in a specified heist or criminal event. Upon the conclusion of such heist and/or event, you are prohibited from initiating AND participating in another heist for a total of one hour. On top of this, the following heists have individual cooldowns which prohibits you from hitting the same heist which you initiated or participated in for the time that is stated below.
Pacific Standard Bank: [6H]
Blaine County Savings Bank: [N/A]
Fleeca Bank: [3H]
Vangelico Heist: [3H]
Bank Truck: [2H]
Art Heist: [2H]
Store Robberies: [N/A]
House Robberies: [N/A]
 

C06.04 - HOSTAGE RESTRICTIONS:
Infraction Category: [A > B > C > D]
General Information: Hostages are taken for one purpose, which is to gain a certain amount of leverage. Beyond that, hostages are not to be impacted by the hostage taker. Harming the hostage is not permitted unless the hostage refuses to comply with instructions. Furthermore, robbing a hostage, holding a hostage beyond 45-minutes, and/or taking one of your associates or friends as one is prohibited.
 

C06.05 - LOW EFFORT ROBBERY:
Infraction Category: [A > D > E]
General Information: Robbing one or several individuals require proper initiation and reasoning behind it. The interaction should be mutual, giving the other party a chance to stay involved is mandatory. Upon the conclusion of the robbery, you are to vacate the area without harming and/or killing the victims unless they threaten or repeatedly provoke you. Examples of valid reasoning are as follows, but are not limited to this:
Proper reasoning:
The individual(s) have threatened you or your crew repeatedly.
The individual(s) are flaunting their wealth around aggressively.
The individual(s) have an active conflict and/or dispute with your crew.
The individual(s) are actively brandishing their weapon(s) rather than storing it in a gun bag.
The individual(s) have gone out of their way to provide information about you or your crew to law enforcement.
Proper initiation:
Providing an indication of intent to rob and steal is a must to allow the opposite part to respond.
Proper initiation goes beyond half-assed interactions such as: "Put your hands up, your getting robbed".
Initiating with erratic and unnecessary conduct such as running in circles and making instructions is not allowed.
 

C06.06 - CAMPING WITH INTENT TO ROB:
Infraction Category: [A > D > E > F]
General Information: Camping specific locations with intent to rob and steal from others is not permitted. Taking advantage of known choke points to do this is extremely low effort and comes off as robbing just to rob. You are also not permitted to rob in locations where there is little to no counterplay due to circumstances such as teleports and so on. This also applies to camping heist locations and threatening/initiating on other individuals to prevent them from initiating and/or participating in specified activity.
 

SECTION 07 - DISHONEST & FRAUDULENT CONDUCT:

 

C07.01 - LOW EFFORT SCAMMING:
Infraction Category: [A > D > E > F]
General Information: Scamming is a permissible means to conduct business as long as it revolves around a excellent scene and interaction. Actions which do not allow for multi-sided interacting, conversation, and participation will be considered as a low effort scamming interaction and will be dealt with accordingly. Furthermore, carrying out bargains in protected zones may be considered powerful and should be avoided. Here are a few examples of what not to do:
Targeting newer players for their starter money is never permitted.
Taking individuals to a bank or city hall to steal their money is not allowed.
Interactions that do not allow for reasonable counterplay such as immediately driving off after the scam is not allowed.
 

C07.02 - CURRENCY & ITEM EXCHANGING:
Infraction Category: [SI + CD]
General Information: Exchanging currency and items within roleplay for money and goods outside of roleplay is not allowed. This also applies the other way around, you are equally guilty as buyer and seller. Participating in activities such as this may lead to being scammed outside of the server, which there are no protections for. Impacting character and roleplay progression through means as this is dishonest and will result in removal.
 

C07.03 - META GAMING & EXTERNAL INFORMATION:
Infraction Category: [B > D > E > F]
General Information: Using information that has been obtained outside of roleplay within the boundaries of roleplay is not allowed. Your character is bound by the information it has learned from it's own interactions and encounters, not by that of others and other sources. Using means such as Discord, TeamSpeak, Youtube, Twitch, and so on to gain an advantage or to alter interactions and stories is not permitted. This also includes using information from a character you have previously killed off.
 

C07.04 - FACILITATION OF EXTERNAL MARKETPLACES:
Infraction Category: [F]
General Information: Lucid City is a server centered around roleplay and good interactions. Usage of external and non-roleplay related sources to make trades, exchanges, purchases, and/or sales defy the boundaries of roleplay and lead to less interactions. As a facilitator of this, you have a major impact on the roleplay in a vast but negative manner. Participation in these marketplaces will lead to enforcement through C07.03 - META GAMING & EXTERNAL INFORMATION.
 

C07.05 - POWER GAMING:
Infraction Category: [B > D > E > F]
General Information: You are not allowed to engage in roleplay which does not match the traits and characteristics of your character. On top of this, you are not permitted to abuse and/or take advantage of features to force the roleplay into your image when it makes little to no sense. Using features for which it was not intended is to be avoided. Examples of power gaming are as follows:
Using emotes to avoid gain an advantage such as avoiding injury.
Using the escort and/or carry feature to place individuals in places that is inaccessible.
Using the escort and/or carry feature to circumvent the intended game mechanics and features.
Storing your vehicle within ten minutes of a vehicle pursuit concluding if it was with law enforcement.
Storing any vehicle during an active interaction to avoid confiscation, robbery, searches, and so on.
Using one or several other animations to cancel an animation which you cannot cancel otherwise.
Running into the apartments during an active interaction or pursuit.
Abusing the use identification feature to gain information you would not have had otherwise.
Utilizing the vehicle transfer command to send the wrong vehicle in order to scam someone.
Overpowering someone by abusing that of switching instances such as entering or exiting apartments or houses.
Forcing another individual to withdraw money from an ATM or a bank for them to transfer it to you.
Forcing real estate agent to sell you a house.
Disposing of a vehicle into a body of water to prevent loss of valuables or consequences towards that of your character. (Will result in the indefinite confiscation of your vehicle)
 

C07.06 - COMBAT LOGGING:
Infraction Category: [D > E > F]
General Information: Disconnecting from the server throughout an active scene or interaction or during a short span of time after is not allowed. Doing so may lead to avoiding the consequences of your character's actions through the means of exiting the roleplay without any counter to it. Furthermore, should you crash from the server during an interaction, return back immediately or notify members of staff that you are unable to. If this is a law enforcement interaction and you committed a crime, turn yourself in when you connect again.
 

C07.07 - EXPLOITING:
Infraction Category: [F + CD]
General Information: Intentionally taking advantage of unintended server features that are known as bugs is not permissible. You are to report this to staff upon discovering this and if you have received an advantage from accidentally using the exploit. Failure to do so will be recognized as intentional use of an exploit for the benefit of yourself or others. Additionally, the use of third-party tools such as macros, auto-clickers, or similar automation tools to gain an advantage over other players is not permitted.
 

C07.08 - MODDING & CHEATING:
Infraction Category: [CR]
General Information: Using injectors and/or modification clients is not allowed within Lucid City. This includes but is not limited to software that provide advantages such as ESP, aimbot, aimlock, trackers, and so forth. This also applies to any client that is recognized as a trainer. Any external software impacting your gameplay should be avoided as it most likely falls within this category.
 

C07.09 - ALTERED FILES:
Infraction Category: [D > E > F]
General Information: Usage of altered assets and files such as texture packs, shader and time adjustment, fog and vegetation alteration, transparent oceans, tracers, high brightness/esp kill effects, and any adjustment which provides a clear advantage is prohibited. If you have any questions regarding this, ask a member of staff. Here are a few examples of whitelisted packs:
NVE (Natural Vision Evolved)
 

C07.10 - ADVERTISING:
Infraction Category: [CR]
General Information: Publishing any media or comments that may be linked towards advertising for other servers is not permitted. If you wish to advertise for another server, website, and/or platform, contact a member of the management team in order to clear it. Failure to do so, will result in immediate removal.
 

C07.11 - BAN EVASION:
Infraction Category: [CR]
General Information: Any infraction or ban that has been assigned to your account is to be complied with. Taking any action or measure to avoid or bypass this will be seen as attempting to evade your infraction, which is prohibited. In order to get around an infraction, submit an appeal and wait for a respond to conclude the matter.
 

C07.12 - RETALIATORY & UNNECESSARY REPORTING:
Infraction Category: [A > D > E > F]
General Information: Going out of your own way to target others through means such as reporting in retaliation or for the wrong reasons it not allowed. Reports are meant to be made if someone has severely impacted your game experience or immersion, not in order to get them in trouble. For minor mistakes or lapses in judgment, attempt to resolve it in roleplay. Do not side track an interaction to make a report.
 

SECTION 08 - RESTART & TSUNAMI CONDUCT:

 

C08.01 - PRE-RESTART CONDUCT:
Infraction Category: [A > A > B > C > D]
General Information: Upon the display of the twenty minute mark prior to a restart also known as a tsunami, any and all interactions and scenes should be settled and concluded in an appropriate and acceptable manner. Initiation of hostile, violent, and/or criminal interactions beyond this point is not allowed.
 

C08.02 - POST-RESTART CONDUCT:
Infraction Category: [A > A > B > C > D]
General Information: Whenever a tsunami also known as a restart has concluded, you are not allowed to initiate any hostile, violent, and/or criminal interactions for the first twenty minutes or so. This includes but is not limited to engaging in the sale of illegal contraband such as narcotics and drugs.
 

SECTION 9 - HOSTILE CONDUCT:

 

C09.01 - VEHICLE DEATH MATCH:
Infraction Category: [A >  B > D > E]
General Information: Intentionally attacking and/or harming others through the use of your vehicle is not allowed. Vehicles are not weapons to be used against others, but rather means for transportation, racing, pursuits, and avoiding hostile interactions. Should you be cornered all around by others, bumping into them to get out of the situation is permissible. Ramming other vehicles at high speeds also falls under this category.
 

C09.02 - RANDOM DEATH MATCH:
Infraction Category: [A > D > E > F]
General Information: Initiating and/or carrying out hostile interactions against another player with or without a reason through inappropriate means is not allowed. Randomly killing or harming others is not allowed, and neither is harming others without the necessary roleplay and initiations. Interaction is vital prior to taking hostile actions, violence should always be used as a last resort, not as a first.
 

SECTION 10 - JOB CONDUCT:

 

C10.01 - JOB ABUSE:
Infraction Category: [E > F]
General Information: Engaging and/or participating in actions that resemble job abuse which directly provides you with a benefit through usage of unintended features or at the direct expense of others or that of the business is not allowed. Stealing from a business is allowed, however, using features such as spawning trucks, vehicles, and so on to bankrupt it is not permitted.
 

SECTION 11 - SAFE ZONE CONDUCT:

 

C11.01 - SAFE ZONES:
Infraction Category: [A > C > D > E]
General Information: Safe-zones which are also known as green-zones are areas which are recognized as neutral grounds. Initiating hostile, criminal, or business interactions is not permitted. Individuals are allowed to be pursued into a safe-zone for hostile/criminal reasons if individual ran into a zone during an active interaction to avoid conflict. The safe-zones are as follows:
Medical Centers & Hospitals
Tinsel Towers 
 

SECTION 12 - STAFF RELATED CONDUCT:

 

C12.01 - STAFF IMPERSONATION:
Infraction Category: [F]
General Information: Staff members are members which have been entrusted with additional responsibilities. Attempting to impersonate a staff member is not permitted due to the influence and abilities they have to impact the server or roleplay. Any conduct resembling this will lead to an immediate removal.
 

C12.02 - MINI MODDING & RULE VIGILANTES:
Infraction Category: [C > E > F]
General Information: Going out of your way to attempt to enforce community guidelines and rules within character is not allowed. By attempting to directly correct others or call them out, you are impacting the experience of others and it may lead to breaking their immersion. Any violations of the community guidelines are to be reported to staff if deemed necessary. Do not take this into your own hands, do not be a vigilante.
 

SECTION 13 - INAPPROPRIATE ROLEPLAY:

 

C13.01 - SEXUAL ROLEPLAY:
Infraction Category: [E > F]
General Information: Even though there is no policy which forbids this type of roleplay, it is not recommended as you do not know who sits at the other side of that screen, whether they be an adult or otherwise. Should they not be an adult, you will be held accountable for your actions - (CR). Furthermore, it is not permissible to engage in conduct or roleplay which resembles this in public. Anything which can be tied into sexualized roleplay, make sure it is in private around individuals that are okay with it. Nonconsensual roleplay within this category is not allowed, so don't.
 

C13.02 - SUICIDE ROLEPLAY:
Infraction Category: [E >  F]
General Information: Participating in and/or organizing roleplay and interactions which resemble self-harm or suicidal acts should be avoided regardless of consent. This sort of roleplay and topics can be rougher for some than others, that has to be respected and should as a result be avoided altogether. It is not necessary to engage in such conduct and scenarios to create a good storyline.
